[docs] Link to the new public roadmap for the design kits (#29433)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/discover-more/roadmap/roadmap.md

- [MUI X](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/projects/1).
  This repository focuses on providing advanced React components.
  Some of the features are MIT licensed, others are available under a commercial license.
- [MUI Design kits](https://github.com/mui-org/mui-design-kits/projects/1)

>   This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and other design tools.
```

Makes sense. So, how about it?

>   This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and more.

Reviewer: Makes sense, so, how about it?

> This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and other design tools.

>   This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and more.

Reviewer 2: /on/in/

>   This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma, Sketch, and Adobe XD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This repository focuses on gathering feedback and requests for the components available on Figma, Sketch, and Adobe XD.
```

Clearing out a bit more. The repo doesn't provide the actual components - they're in the design tool. Rather, the repo gathers feedback from the users of the Kits.

Author: We talked about using the repository to host the Figma plugin and documentation.

Reviewer: Got it. Yeah, I think that a repo focused on the plug-in is better, for sure. They are different products: the Kits and the plug-in.

  This repository focuses on providing advanced React components.
  Some of the features are MIT licensed, others are available under a commercial license.
- [MUI Design kits](https://github.com/mui-org/mui-design-kits/projects/1)

>   This repository focuses on providing the components for designers on Figma and other design tools.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the change. The design kits aren't hosted or developed here.

Author: It says that the focus is to provide the components for designers. It doesn't say how. The how is by having a place to provide feedback :)

Reviewer 2: The previous wording made sense, the revised wording doesn't.
